title="The Start of a Blog (Engine)"
desc="Too busy writing code to write any posts"
-
Like many programmers, I like spending (a bit too much) time scrolling through Hacker News and picking out interesting articles to read. By the time I have 5 or 6 tabs open, I'm usually ready to dig in. As a result of my link hoarding, I've started to become familiar with a number of topics I wouldn't have otherwise known anything about. In computer science, many topics have overlaps in knowledge between each other (such as GPU utilization being important for both game development and high-performance computing). So over time you'll probably learn *a little* about *a lot* of things.  

Some of my favorite articles, though, focus more on the philosophical aspect of the field. It's always enjoyable to read posts like *[In defense of linked lists](http://antirez.com/news/138)* by antirez, or *[My personal C coding style as of late 2023](https://nullprogram.com/blog/2023/10/08/)* by Chris Wellons. In the abstract, these things are "unrelated" to actual programming, and should just be opinions and conventions that people are free to ignore. In my view, though, they are important contributions. They contribute to the *culture* of programming. The fact that Wellons is not only still writing C, but is finding better ways to do so, in a world that has Rust, Nim, Zig, Go, V, and other evolved languages, says something about what programming actually means to some programmers. It isn't just an occupation or a passing interest; it's engaging. It's a challenge. It's fun. And that's a culture I want to be a part of. A culture I want to contribute to.  

That's why I've created this blog. That and, of course, the fact that since I came up with this project it's become one of my go-to codebases to work on 😛. The whole time I've been developing it, though, I haven't written a single post. You'd think someone would only make a blog if they had something to say. But I don't yet. In the future, I'll probably talk about some of my other projects or stories that I think are worth sharing. As far as the technical details go, this blog engine doesn't have many. The code is [here](https://github.com/tjk113/tjk113.github.io/tree/main/src) if you're interested, but here's a brief summary: the engine parses Markdown files from a local directory, and then generates the HTML for the homepage and posts. This was only my second or third time writing in Nim, and I found it very enjoyable. It's a nice language to use coming from C, where the standard library either doesn't offer some functionality, or it only does so under the condition that you wield God's unholiest footgun while using it.

## Extraneous Thoughts
[noindent]Maybe I'll add comments to the engine at some point. But then I'd need an actual server besides GH pages.
[noindent]Is Anonymous Pro an acceptable font for non-code text? I might change to something more readable for humans...
[noindent]I fixed a lot of Markdown parsing errors in the course of writing this blog entry. Incidentally, I just looked up the etymology for the word *blog*. Turns out it's just a shortening of *weblog*, which is self-explanatory. Who knew?