title="I got what I wanted?"
desc="-> Maybe"
-
As a child, I wanted to have my own website. I've always been interested in technology, so it made sense. I think I may have ended up making something with (the now-defunct) [Webs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Webs_%28web_hosting%29), but whatever I may have put on there has long been lost to time, both as a result of the closure of Webs, and my own inability to remember. Now that I have this site, I have to wonder if this is what I'd wanted back then. Of course, most of the novelty has worn off since childhood. Coming from a time where creating Windows dialog boxes using batch scripts was a prime source of entertainment, my palate has evolved a bit. The main difference now is that much more code needs to be executed before I can see them :). I do think that my younger self would be pleased with where I've ended up with computer science, though (side note: I hesitate to refer to my endeavors as *computer science* work, because most of them don't have to do with computation in and of itself, but rather using computers as tools; the term is usually applied more generally than that, though, so I use it in that context).

Recently, as I was doing some research, I came across a search result from the Python website. Seeing that page icon briefly sent me back to four years ago, when I was just beginning to learn how to program. The most prevelant feeling from that time, for better or worse, is the feeling of uncertainty. I was often just as confused as I was amazed at what I was doing. Some have fond memories of when they were first *demystifiying the magic*, but I don't envy the huge gaps in understanding that over time I had to fill; especially given that, in this area and most, I'll likely have enough *magic* to last me the rest of my life (the day I write my first line of Verilog will be a dangerous step forward, though).